BTA-4558 Add state_reason_details attribute to recipient (#37)
transferzero/api-documentation: _docs/error-handling.md

* Recipient's bank is having connectivity issues
* Recipient didn't pick up the funds in time

> Whenever we face a problem during payment we will add a note to the recipient's `state_reason` and `state_reason_details` fields [as shown here]({{ "/docs/transaction-flow/" | prepend: site.baseurl }}#receiving-error-messages). Theis note contains a human readable error message that can help you debug the issue. Note that this note should never be shown to your customers as they could be technical in nature. They can be shown in your internal system for your customer service team to see however.

Reviewer: little typos:

```suggestion
Whenever we face a problem during payment we will add a note to the recipient's `state_reason` and `state_reason_details` fields [as shown here]({{ "/docs/transaction-flow/" | prepend: site.baseurl }}#receiving-error-messages). These notes contain human readable error informations that can help you debug the issue. Note that both should never be shown to your customers as they could be technical in nature. They can be shown in your internal system for your customer service team to see however.
```

* `pending`: this is not an error, but means that the transaction has not yet been fully processed. Please see the next section for more details.
* `exception`: errors where there was an unknown error during processing. These transactions will be investigated by the technical team, and will either be retried or need to be cancelled.

> # Error codes

Reviewer 2: 👍
